morning everyone it's December 25th and
I'm going to sing a whole new holiday
song in honor of it cue chorus of angels
oh no no no Lou Lou Lou get it go back
to bed it's turn the morning shut up
Geoffrey you're ruining my holiday
spirit follow low low low low low
today's Christmas Day and I have
something to say Santa Claus is on his
way to bring us all our toys yay a man
is on his way
Oh to bring us all our toys yay
I'm going to jingle the bell to say that
it's well and nothing's in my way
because today is Christmas Day for the
low low low low low low today Christmas
Day and I have something to say Santa
Claus is on his way to bring us all our
toys yay the very MAME is on his way
Oh
to bring us all our toys I'm going to
dress the tree to show up free and
nothing's in my way because today is
Christmas Day I'm free on Christmas Day
nothing standing in my way I'm free on
Christmas Day but nothing stay never
take over his song that was weird
because today is Christmas Day nothing's
in my nothing's in my nothing's in my
falala lalala because today is Christmas
Day today is Christmas Day and he has
something to say Santa Claus is on his
way to bring us all our toys yay
oh the very merry man is on his way
Oh
- boys yay falala lalala today's
Christmas Day okay guys you can go now
this was so not worth 10 bucks an hour I
hope you get coal for Christmas
hohoho Merry Christmas from gank
estudios oh no I just get another ton
hmm maybe I should lay off the cookies
and milk now after one more play